Propositions:
be_ma be_mb be_mc be_an be_bn be_cn be_ab be_ac be_ba be_bc be_ca be_cb bc_a bc_b bc_c bc_n 
Actions:
Name: cbm_a 
pre: be_ma be_an bc_n 
add: bc_a 
delete: be_ma be_an bc_n 
Name: pbm_a 
pre: bc_a 
add: be_ma be_an bc_n 
delete: bc_a 
Name: cbm_b 
pre: be_mb be_bn bc_n 
add: bc_b 
delete: be_mb be_bn bc_n 
Name: pbm_b 
pre: bc_b 
add: be_mb be_bn bc_n 
delete: bc_b 
Name: cbm_c 
pre: be_mc be_cn bc_n 
add: bc_c 
delete: be_mc be_cn bc_n 
Name: pbm_c 
pre: bc_c 
add: be_mc be_cn bc_n 
delete: bc_c 
Name: cbp_ab 
pre: be_ba be_an bc_n 
add: bc_a be_bn 
delete: be_ba be_an bc_n 
Name: pbp_ab 
pre: bc_a be_bn 
add: be_ba be_an bc_n 
delete: bc_a be_bn 
Name: cbp_ac 
pre: be_ca be_an bc_n 
add: bc_a be_cn 
delete: be_ca be_an bc_n 
Name: pbp_ac 
pre: bc_a be_cn 
add: be_ca be_an bc_n 
delete: bc_a be_cn 
Name: cbp_ba 
pre: be_ab be_bn bc_n 
add: bc_b be_an 
delete: be_ab be_bn bc_n 
Name: pbp_ba 
pre: bc_b be_an 
add: be_ab be_bn bc_n 
delete: bc_b be_an 
Name: cbp_bc 
pre: be_cb be_bn bc_n 
add: bc_b be_cn 
delete: be_cb be_bn bc_n 
Name: pbp_bc 
pre: bc_b be_cn 
add: be_cb be_bn bc_n 
delete: bc_b be_cn 
Name: cbp_ca 
pre: be_ac be_cn bc_n 
add: bc_c be_an 
delete: be_ac be_cn bc_n 
Name: pbp_ca 
pre: bc_c be_an 
add: be_ac be_cn bc_n 
delete: bc_c be_an 
Name: cbp_cb 
pre: be_bc be_cn bc_n 
add: bc_c be_bn 
delete: be_bc be_cn bc_n 
Name: pbp_cb 
pre: bc_c be_bn 
add: be_bc be_cn bc_n 
delete: bc_c be_bn 